The game is succinctly represented as a list of moves (i.e. [3, 3, 3, 3, 1, ...])

But is best analyzed as a collection of groups.

The board is a big set of potential groups.

The value of a square is the number of groups that said square can reach.
(So, the first couple middle ones are important because they have the most potential groups.)
But the weighting quickly changes as enemies remove your groups.

Although, groups don't count if they're occupied by the enemy

The bot can't save scores for a given depth, but it can certainly save calculations. The number of
groups each square can reach is expensive to calculate but not terribly expensive to store keep.
There's a big tree of pre-computed positions, including stuff like forced moves and solved wins.
The tree is pruned as the game progresses and old positions become unreachable.

The Board starts with little information (except maybe a pointer to its parent) and calculates and
caches everything else on the fly.

You can analyze a position by running through every group. (Presumably you pre-computed all the
indicies so this part is easy)
For each group, if it is empty increment a counter for every square in it.
                if it contains a player increment a counter for that player for every square
				if it contains two players continue
So, the value of a square to a player is the number of groups they can make with it.

It would be cool if you could somehow output heatmaps of how valuable each square is.
You're doing a tree search and keep a priority queue of all leaves. Every time you uncover
a leaf it changes the weight of all parent nodes, so if you uncover a really good move for black
it might make your most fruitful node so unimportant you start searching a completely different
part of the tree.
All this is saved as the game continues. There's no requirement that all branches are explored to
an equal depth, so long as you continually update the parents of each leaf you score

Instrument, print out how many positions you have analyzed.

Use zugzwang to your advantage. If you have it, try to leave the columns with an even number of
players in each so the enemy cannot steal it. Respect the parity of your threats, try to leave
them an even number of spaces away from the col height so you can use them once you win zugzwang.
